no 'rng' based activities that require skill
-> as in rng like in WoT when you dont know where the shell will go
-> still rng based recoil but you always know where youre pointing as the laser marker is always right

-> when reloading its not a 'time' based mechanic but instead you move your cursor in a specific way to reload
|
+--> e.g: move to left, spin clockwise, and move to right for the revolver to imitate reloading
|    e.g: move down then up to imitate an assault rifle magazine
|
+--> this makes it so things that take longer to use (and generally are more powerful) just have more complicated patterns
     e.g: an assault rifle is preferred because its of medium strength but more importantly its incredibly easy to reload (down then up) and forgiving when aiming (lots of small damage bullets)
          meanwhile the revolver is much stronger (higher damage bullets) and has more range but also only has 6 bullets so its less forgiving when missing, and in addition its reload patten
          is more complex, making it so reloading it is harder when under pressure, making it less beginner friendly.
          finally, sniper rifles might have super complex reload patterns that make them super unforgiving in CQC so they are highly encouraged to be used long range instead
          a neat side effect is that this makes reloading force you to stop aiming, making it so you cant just reload when running away from something without having a piece
          of your view and attention taken away, leading to cool player choices on whether they should reload or just run away and seek cover, then reload.

-> fixing gear minigame:
   e.g: fixing the revolver you go through and clean it out as it gets dirty over time (the dirtier it is the more of a chance there is that it will jam or something during usage which is a big deal!)

-> bullet trails?

-> game is randomly generated between points that have been created by me
   this way the map still has the interesting parts of the map at constant locations but there is lots of interesting things procedurally generated between those locations
   that make each playthrough unique :) :: and since i dont want any loading zones where the screen fades in and out apart from things like enterances to giant caves etc... where i
   cannot fake a Z-Axis i will need to split the world into 'chunks'
   
-> <click> when no ammo left in clip/magazine

-> no 'ammo left in clip/mag' indicator - that is up to the player to either check with [G] or just keep track of in their head

-> there is no 'health bar' (this is NOT a numbers game). General 'health' is characterized by what your character can or cannot do, and what debuffs are shown in the MARAUDER's [HEALTH] section
   should [HEALTH] be an acronym?
   e.g: eye damage from shrapnel = strong vignette and blurred edges that actually HINDER the view of you as the player, not some stupid "less accuracy when aiming"

-> you can forcefully keep running even once your stamina runs out at the cost of your legs getting 'sprained' and your stamina doesnt regen / can't run for a while after that 'final push'

-> player can only holster a certain number of large and small arms weapons, ammo and a backpack for general items
   backpack) increases general inventory size
   large arms) assault rifles, sniper rifles, etc... The kind you have to holster on your back using a belt - 2 maximum seems like a good limit?
   small arms) pistols, knives, revolvers, etc... The kind you keep in a push on your belt - 2 maximum + ammo + knife slot seems like a good limit?
   Additionally, you can get different gear that may have more pockets for pistols and ammunition but as a downside be less defensive against shrapnel and the like...

-> in this game point-blanc 'damage' doesnt reallllyy matter. Every pistol and assault rifle and sniper rifle will deal the same damage to someones organ, the real
   property that defines the strength of these weapons is their penetration capability - e.g: a pistol and assault rifle may shoot at a lower velocity making bullets ricochet
   off of metal plating when shot at, say, a 45deg angle (bullets are simulated so they keep going after theyre bounced, allowing you to attack people around the corner by, say,
   throwing a grenade on the wall and it bounces off into their vicinity) making it hard to attack someone when they're hiding behnind cover, but a revolver might be powerful enough
   to shoot through the metal plating and actually hit them.
   
   however, consumables in the form of drugs are incredibly useful. E.g: administering a pain killer (of varying strength) will reduce the side effects of a limp when trying to run
   due to a shot / shrapnel in the leg. A downside of this is that once it wears off your leg will be in even worse condition than it was before - possibly leading you into a slippery
   slope of constantly administering pain killers over and over until you die. Performance enhancing drugs may slow down time to simulate enhanced reaction times but taking too many
   in a row may kill you from overdose or once it wears off leave you in an incredibly indefensible position where you may die.
   
-> drugs come in varying forms of strength and potency. For example, administering a super strong painkiller like opium to a small wound may actually hinder you as your view will become incredibly
   blurry, or maybe administering it to your leg will actually stop you from controlling your leg properly, so administering the right strength of painkiller is a big deal.
   same goes for performance enhancing drugs, which may actually just straight up kill you if you take too much.
   
-> cover is a BIG DEAL HERE. Since all weapons will do roughly the same amount of damage hiding behind cover and only attacking when you can is a big deal as getting hit could mean
   not being able to run or see properly which could have a butterfly effect into your death.
   
-> speaking sounds are like in undertale - .mp3 that just gets looped at different volume + pitch for each letter they say, exclude ' '

-> local radio the MARAUDER picks up that procedurally generates based on what the player is doing.
   e.g: you kill a group of raiders terrorising 5 people, then the radio will talk about an unknown vigilante
        that heroically saved a group of people from raiders

-> you can kill *anyone* like in fallout new vegas. even if theyre 'crucial' to the plot. if you need to talk to someone for information on a quest youre doing but you kill them instead, the game
   doesnt stop you, you just need to find another lead for the quest, or youre just done and youll need to find the quest by chance.

-> no hunder/thirst bars as it is just really annoying and an inconvenience and just throws off the game - consumables still exist in the form of drugs however

MARAUDER GEAR - kinda like the PipBoy from Fallout:
---------------------------------------------------
-> consists of the main processor unit on your arm that has a display and
   also an 'eyepiece' that covers one eye and one ear that allows you to listen
   to radio it picks up and allows you to enter 'MarauderMode' by pressing [Q]
   that turns the screen a Green CRT effect and allows you to learn more about the world
   by scanning things and e.g tells you what the dangers of something is or what a plant
   drops
   
-> has a version of VATS but its not a slowdown time step based one, more like it just assists you
   by showing the weak points of an enemy and also highlights them in red
   
-> can be upgraded at a workbench using your own player skill! (e.g solve a circuit puzzle
|  that gets randomly generated using some item you find somewhere in e.g an abandoned warehouse
|  to let you access e.g greater radio frequencies allowing you to access more rewarding quests)
|
+--> DONT INFORM THE PLAYER THAT THEY CAN DO THIS 'directly', ALLOW THEM TO DISCOVER THIS BY FINDING
|   A QUESTLINE THAT TEACHES THEM THE BASICS
|
+--> MORE EXPERIENCED PLAYERS CAN THEN THEREFORE JUST SKIP DIRECTLY TO UPGRADING WITHOUT DOING THE QUEST
     BUT THE QUEST ALSO REWARDS WITH SOME INITIAL PARTS SO MAYBE IT IS STILL BENEFICIAL TO DO IT (UP TO THEM)

-> stands for:
   [M]obility
   [A]action
   [R]econnaissance
   [A]nd
   [U]tility
   [D]device
       &
   [E]yepiece
   [R]eticle
